Don't let anyone ever tell you you can't daydream on a Monday.
You will see it when you believe it.
Speak good things about yourself into existence.
Progress, not perfection.
Nobody ever got anywhere by standing still.
Embrace a new narrative.
Get lost in the right direction.
Decide for yourself who you are. No one else gets to make that  decision for you.
Follow what calls you.
Be humble and proud of yourself  at the same time.
Stop saying yes to things you don't want to do. 
You can't do everything by yourself. (And why you would want to?) Start asking for help.
Fear will always be a thing.  But don't let it get in your way.
Make self-care a non-negotiable.
Evolve as a human.
Change comes from embracing the future, not fighting your past.
Decisions don't determine right and wrong. They determine outcomes.
Recognize yourself in others.
What's good for you brings out the
 best in you. What's bad for you doesn't.
The only person who has to believe in you is you.
Self Acceptance > Self Improvement
Trust the wait.  Enjoy not knowing.
Set yourself up to 
 experience what you love.
Turn your life upside down. On purpose.
If you want to grow, you have to be willing to learn. 
There are no rules.
Let go and let the universe do its thing.
You shouldn't have to be small for someone else to be BIG.
Be kind to other human beings.
Learn to be right in a way that doesn't rely on someone else to be wrong.
It's not your job to fix people.
Whatever you can do, you must do.
Don't let anyone forever preserve  you in a place in life that you  were simply passing through.
It's better to wait for the right  answer than rush into the wrong one.
If the thing you're focusing on makes you unhappy, focus on something else.
Give yourself a chance to see what happens when you don't give up.
Everything's gonna be cool.
   MIND    MATTER
Good instincts are worthless if you don't follow them.
Love bad things from a good distance.
Change the way you look at things.  They'll return the favor.
Do the thing.
Edit your life.
Somewhere beneath all those distracting details is the best version of you.
Make people see you.
Accept all experiences as potentially good.
You're focusing on the tributary  when you need to focus on the lake.
Be easily awed, not easily impressed.
Protect your heart by acknowledging what it's feeling.
Can you not live without him? I can, but I'd prefer not to.
Don't make a wish. Make a decision.
Do things on purpose.
Do the thing that scares you most.
Everyone you'll ever meet is smarter about something than you are.
Be less moved by the opinion of others.
You can't fail if you're willing to.
Adjust your eyes. See the same things differently. 
Some things are just too heavy to haul around.
The first thing you should know about me is that I'm not you. A lot more will make sense after that.
Heighten your vibes. Lighten your strides.
Be unwilling to lie to yourself.
Everything and everyone is your teacher.
Love yourself hard.
It's time for a good ol' fashioned adventure.
Follow what you love and see what turns up.
You will know it when you see it. it will know you when it sees you.
I am resilient.
I don't care how smart, rich, powerful, rich or pretty you are. Just be kind and we'll be good.
Your instincts know things before you do. Trust them.
Note from the future: I'm not intimidated by your past.
Listen for the whispers.  Look for the signs.
Take nothing personally.
It's good to be prepared, but stay open to surprises.
Win your mind. Win your life.
Tune into the love frequency. Tune out everything else.
Tap into your magic.
Love what you do so it will love you.
Practice not-so-random acts of discipline.
Hurry up and fail so you can win.
Don't write off good advice from people who have had bad experiences.
Mad is easier than sad, but it's far less effective.
When you love yourself, people who don't love you back become less interesting.
If you're not where you want to be, don't stay there for too long.
Sit around and wait for happiness to find you. Just kidding. Get up and fight for it for dear life.
Don't take credit for your talents. Take credit for how you choose to use them.
Unlearn everything that you aren't. Relearn everything that you are.
Everything that is was first a dream.
Being a strong woman used to mean  you could put up with a lot without  breaking. Now it means you can put up with a lot, but aren't willing to.
My superpower is waking up early and working really hard.
It's your duty to dream.
Be the ____________ you  want to see in the world.
Keep your next move quiet.
Caring what other people think about  you isn't a weakness. It's accepting it  as fact that gets you in trouble.
Free spirits don't ask for permission.
Be a product of your decisions,  not your circumstances.
Go after what you want or be happy with what you get.
Let people discover you  over time.
Design the version of yourself you want to be. (Then be it.)
Seek adventure.
Go out and kick some serious ass.
Slay hard. Stay soft.
Being patient is less about waiting  things out until you get your way, and more about being tolerant of what is.
Good news: The light at the end of the  tunnel isn't a train.
Stop trying to skip the struggle. You don't get to start at the  part where you're winning.
You're intoxicating when you do what you love.
Stay focused.
Be passionate and totally worth the chaos.
You'll see it when you believe it.
Be slow to respond, not quick to react.
Where there's a will,  there's a bae.
Because your comfort zone isn't even comfortable.
Don't make it look easy. The fact is it's really hard and you're doing it anyway.
Dare big Fear small.
No matter what you do today, absolutely kill it.
Pay attention to where your mind wanders when you  allow it to wonder.
Flow with things rather than insist they flow with you.
Let there be no confusion: things are unfolding exactly  as they should.
Do what people say you can't, just because you can.
Let yourself dream again.
Enter unknown territory.
Don't be in a hurry in the short  term for things you want to last for the long term.
Let the difference between where  you are and where you want to  be inspire you.
You should def go for it.
Unbecome everything that isn't you.
Take no for an answer.
Nature is self-correcting. Let it do its thing.
Switch your frequency.
Do what you love.  The rest will fall into place.
Pay attention to the patterns.
Make less time for life's garbage.
Don't be scared of stuff.
To be found: stop hiding.
Master your worries.
That point where you are about to give up but decide not to and everything starts falling into place.
Be real with yourself or you can't be real with anyone else.
The middle of the process is no place to determine the end of it.
Being right all of the time is boring.
Pretend it's your first time.
Do. Chill. Do again.
Focus on the magic of things; yourself.
Brand new ancient proverb: be warm inside even when the  temperature outside is cold.
The thing is not the thing. it's the thing you think about the thing.
Make mistake. Repeat. make mistake. repeat. make mistake. do something different.
I love you.
More money only solves the less money problem. nothing else.
Get your hopes up.
Things don't always go the way you planned. fortunately.
Make the invisible visible.
Follow your hunches. explore your doubts.
Give to give. Not to get.
Go with what feels right even if it ends up being wrong.
Love everything. everything will love you back.
Learn to say "i don't know" and inherit the world's knowledge.
Sweat the small stuff. the small stuff is the big stuff.
Act with purpose.
Consistency is the key to mastery.
The quiet speaks volumes.
Don't take the bait.
Be quiet. Hear more.
Look for proof that you're amazing.
Don't be loyal to what's not loyal to you.
When you make a decision, you commit to its journey.
You know what to do.
The only way to get there is to decide to.
If it's supposed to, it will.
Treat yourself as well as you treat others
Do first. Talk second.
The more you trust yourself the more you'll be able to trust others.
Just because you love something doesn't make it right for you.
Just show up.
The truth is not confusing.
Don't do other people's parts. just do your own.
Make sure to do what you love.  not just what you're good at.
You're allowed to feel however you want. But must you always act on it?
Make the big decisions and the little decisions will make themselves.
Guilt serves no purpose.
Identify with everything.  align with nothing.
Figure out where you're going.  then go there.
People have different opinions than you. let them.
Win like a rookie.  lose like a pro.
Do your thing. let other people do theirs.
Redefine everything.
You can't force a thing to work when it's not supposed to.
Go outside and play.
Don't fall into a role created by someone else. you're a natural at the one you've got.
You are better than your knee-jerk reactions.
Who says?
Be really great at taking criticism.
Invest less in proving why things won't work.
If you want it to be a sign, let it be. if you fear it's a sign, don't let it be.
Let disruption and discomfort  be your guides.
Don't just plant a seed and  let it grow: take pleasure in its growth.
Be better at being wrong.
Not getting what you want usually gives you information that you need.
Go all in. Forego the backup plan.
Roadblocks emerge to either stop you or reroute you. it's up to you whether to break through them  OR YIELD THEIR QUIET INSTRUCTION.
Marvel at what happens when you stop interfering.
You don't need to figure it out right now.
It's all in your head.
You're not courageous because you lack fear. you're courageous because you feel fear and keep going anyway.
When doing something doesn't work, do nothing instead.
Use your power for good.
Change your mind.
Keep looking for the lessons even when you don't think you need them.
Let 'yes' be the answer already.
Do it anyway.
Nothing means anything until you make something of nothing.
Learn to distinguish between what is familiar and what is love.
Put this to memory once and for all: what others think about you doesn't define you. vice versa.
It's allowed to be easy.
Resist the urge to resist temptation.
Beware the grand gesture.
Consider that the opposite of your theory is true.
Don't confuse the learning tool with the lesson.
Don't make up your mind until you're good and ready. feel  free to change it after that.
Don't seek approval from others. Seek it from yourself.
Be more process oriented.  you're too focused on the goal.
Never let 'em see you coming.
No sudden moves.
Let things unfold.  relinquish control.
Change the way you look at things. they'll return the favor.
The silent person isn't thinking what you think he is. you are.
Be enough like the people that they'll listen to you. be enough different  that you'll have something to say.
Instincts are habitual, knee-jerk   reactions. (Trust sometimes.) Intuition  is your link to infinite wisdom.  (Trust all of the time.)
Directions: start here. keep going.
The one who imagines does not always create. the one who creates does not always imagine.
You can't tell what someone's feeling on the inside by what they're showing on the outside.
Innocence is bliss.
Learn as much from joy as you do from pain.
What you are seeking  is also seeking you.
Don't expect what you see in your mind to look the same in the mind of others.
First impressions are overrated.  it's not that they can't be accurate. it's that they're often based on THINGS THAT DON'T MATTER.
Learn to delay gratification.
Master living in a perpetual state of not knowing. you are here.
Don't worry what they're doing, baby. let them worry about you.
You simply haven't lived until you've learned to let go.
