You have many different visions of what you want the next year of your life to be, and you won't get anywhere with any of them unless you pick one idea and stick with it! Being indecisive is understandable, for a while.
But you can't carry on too long without knowing where to go next you need to do whatever it takes to make your choice, today.
Getting more information will only confuse and overwhelm you, so focus on what matters.
Then decide.
Flip a coin if you have to, just get going!.
Do not let someone's nasty comment eat away at you they are only trying to push your buttons, and if you get mad, you'll only play into their hands.
Instead, be extra good to them.
Show them more respect than they have shown you.
Kill them with kindness.
By rising above the petty fight they seem to be itching for, you will show them (and the influential people who may be watching) your maturity.
Taking the high road is always wise for you.
Feel free to consider yourself first today! It's not about being selfish, it's about putting things in the proper priority.
For too long, you have been putting the needs, wants and wishes of other people way ahead of your own priorities.
This was wise and accomplished a lot of good things for you not to mention all the karma points you racked up.
But today, it is your turn.
Say no to something you don't want to do, and do not feel guilty for doing so.
Someone is stepping into your territory today, but as threatened as you might feel by them, this is no day to engage in any kind of power struggle with them.
You're better than they are in so many ways, and they are well aware of this which is why they are making such aggressive moves.
But their tactics are only going to backfire on them, so you don't have to worry about reprimanding them.
They just want to bring you down to their level.
Don't go there.
Someone at work or school is trying to get a rise out of you by acting in an unusual or controversial way.
They'll be deliberately saying and doing things in order to get your attention could it be that they have a little crush on you? Probably.
But to you, their weird behavior is nothing you can't roll with, so their little plan is going to backfire on them! They've underestimated how smart you are but they are still intrigued.
Enjoy the chase.
Have you been giving someone the silent treatment? It won't do you much good you can't make your point unless you clearly communicate what you are feeling and what you need.
People cannot read your mind.
So get in touch and clear the air.
If you are the one who is getting the silent treatment from someone else, reach out and check in with them.
Find out if they are ready to talk.
Approach things compassionately and with all your defenses down.
When was the last time you felt truly challenged? Get your fix today by embracing unfamiliar things.
Step out of your (too comfy) comfort zone today and put yourself into some uncomfortable situations.
Engage with unfamiliar philosophies.
Explore new cultures, music or religions.
You will find a whole new way of thinking! You do not have to adopt any big changes just expose yourself to things that are strange, foreign and invigorating.
The experience will stay with you for days.
Are you feeling intimidated by an intellectual who's just popped onto the scene? Don't be! The more they talk about how much they know, the more obvious it will become that they don't really know what they are talking about.
So just let them hog the spotlight for as long as they want, and they will quickly prove to everyone just how smart they aren't.
True intelligence is all about knowing that you don't know everything be humble, and keep learning.
Right now your reputation is shining brighter than ever, but that only means that it's more important than ever to maintain its spotless sheen.
You have far too much to lose by putting only half your energy into whatever you're doing, so resist the urge to put things on auto-pilot at any point today.
Give this day one hundred percent, and prove to the powerful people who are watching that you are the real deal not just someone bluffing their way through life.
Sure any impulse buys you make today might provide temporary relief for your symptoms, but they definitely won't fix the underlying cause.
Save your money for another day and instead, take a walk, visit with a friend, or do something else that is free of charge.
You'll get much more value of out it.
Retail therapy is not a very effective way of dealing with whatever dramas you're going through right now so avoid the mall and do not get out that plastic!.
Tempo is key today do your best to stay in rhythm with the people around you, which will be no easy task.
Each of the people you encounter today is marching to the beat of their own drummer, and you'll have to be ready to go faster or slower, depending.
This challenge will be good for you, though it will teach you how to treat people as individuals and anticipate their needs.
It will help you learn to be even more flexible than you already are!.
At a loss for words regarding the ridiculous comments of a friend? Don't think about things from a political angle just listen to your intuition and do what it says to do.
If you overthink things, you will get caught up in a bunch of stuff that just doesn't matter.
Your ideas around school or work are getting a lot more attention lately.
You could be asked to explain yourself a bit more this is your chance to sell a strategy that could put you on the map.
Going on and on about your accomplishments doesn't make a good impression on people, but you can't avoid being proud of yourself just because you think you're going to bug a few people.
You did what you did, and it was a big deal so you have a right to crow about it a little bit! Share your accomplishments with the people who care about you, and they'll be delighted and happy to congratulate you.
If one of your friends reached a big goal, you'd want them to feel good about themselves, right?.
Give yourself a lot of compassion today you might not need it, but you have to remind yourself that if the chips are ever down, you can always rely on yourself.
You are your own best support staff! You cannot listen to negative people who are telling you how badly things could go.
Instead, just put your blinders on it's okay to do that once in a while! Turn off the outside world, and find comfort inside your mind.
You will find all the encouragement and love you need.
Today you would be wise to try to get some alone time do not let social expectations drive you out into the world if you're not feeling it.
If you're feeling the urge to be a homebody, be a homebody! Others might react emotionally to your choice, but that shouldn't sway your decision.
The bottom line is that your life is yours to do with whatever you want, good or bad.
Work pressures are easing, so expect a lot of free weekday nights.
Enjoy them.
Today, instead of getting all embarrassed when someone points out what a great thing you did, you'll get a great sense of pride! This is as it should be and it's a sure sign that you are growing in the right direction.
As your ego grows sturdier, your ability to be open-minded grows stronger as well.
You'll no longer take things as personally as you used to, because your skin is getting thicker and you are realizing that if you screw up every now and then, the world will not fall apart.
To encourage more growth in one of your friendships, you should be more generous with your constructive criticism.
This person can take honesty and they want you to be honest with them.
You just have to be sure that you give them that honesty with a sugar coating.
Focus on the positive and amp up your enthusiasm before telling them the downside of their behavior.
You have a right to be a more active part of this relationship.
And in order to do so, you have to speak up more.
While planning a big event might not be your favorite activity of all time, it is something you will be very good at today.
People around you will not be as organized as you, so you should step up and take charge.
Base your choices on simple pros and cons, deadlines and dates.
If you want to move beyond your current phase of life, you are going to have to get a better plan together.
Enlist help from your most organized friends and learn from the masters!.
A hot new adventure is beginning today, but you might not be at the top of the guest list.
This minor inconvenience doesn't have to stop you, though just use some of your creativity to figure a way to elbow your way in on the fun! Luckily, your mind is a creative fountain, bubbling up with unique ways to get yourself an engraved invitation to the inner circle of the movers and shakers.
They need you to be there, and you can easily convince them of that fact.
Today, try to spice up your life by trying something new and different whether it's a new household renovation project, a new bestselling novel, a new type of cuisine, or just a new route to and from work.
Getting stuck in a routine is no fun especially now, when there are so many wonderful things in your life to explore.
There is no excuse for not mixing things up today.
You have the time, you have the energy, and you definitely will have the desire you need!.
A heated debate between you and someone else today could create more than just an intellectual connection it might just trigger some romantic feelings as well.
Opposites attract, and getting a glimpse into how someone else's mind works can be a very attractive and alluring thing.
Be careful about jumping on these feelings too soon, however make sure that they are available and interested in exploring new options.
If they are not, you can look forward to more conversations.
When everyone's laughing today, you won't find things so funny.
It may feel like you're missing out on the joke, but don't let it unnerve you or weaken your self-confidence.
You're just a bit out of synch with other people right now, mostly because you've been so wrapped up in your own plans.
It's going to take you a little bit more time to get back into the swing of things, so be patient with yourself.
They aren't expecting you to be the life of the party that is, not until you're ready to be.
You will probably get a strong urge to exercise your creativity on your living quarters today.
And if you have the time to do it, you definitely should the universe is sending you all the energy you need to repaint the kitchen, fix a broken chair, clean out a closet and execute other types of domestic re-engineering.
Where you live says a lot about who you are.
Make sure to add your personal flair so that visitors see the real you when they walk in the door.
If you see a chance, take it today that applies to any type of opportunity, but especially to the romantic kind.
When someone holds your eye contact a little too long, smiles at you a little too broadly, or asks some personal questions about your availability, they want to get to know you better.
Go for the romance today, even if you feel like you might be acting silly.
What's the point of looking cool all the time if no one knows who you really are?.
It's no secret that having a positive attitude will attract more positive people to you.
So why aren't you grinning from ear to ear? You want more good energy around you, and it's up to you to get it.
Turn your attitude into a more positive one, and soon enough you will be surrounded by people who can add to your good mood.
This is a wonderful time to start a new relationship, whether it's romantic or business.
More good people is all you need, right now.
More than ever before, you are feeling confident and your communication skills are exceptional.
You are finally ready to have that difficult discussion you've been putting off for a while.
So step right up to the annoying person who's been pushing your buttons for far too long.
Give a piece of your mind to that coworker who thinks they know everything.
You don't have to be rude about what you say to them, you just have to make it clear to them that you won't tolerate it any longer.
All the willpower you've been relying on lately is still going strong, so have no worries that you will succumb to any irresistible forces today.
The charm that your vice holds for you is fading you just need to keep abstaining, and soon you will lose your taste for it altogether.
Plus, if you encourage your newly found inner strength to grow, you will be able to use it in different contexts in your life.
Get ready to begin a very empowered phase of living.
It's not news that money gives you power but it also gives you responsibility.
Are you fully aware of the responsibilities that you've taken on? It's impossible to take your finances too seriously right now.
There are a few unpaid bills that you haven't factored into your budget, and today is a good day to make sure you know exactly how much is coming in and how much is going out.
The two are definitely nowhere near equal.
The sooner you get an accurate picture, the better.
Someone who is where you want to be in life is giving you a vision of the future you want to have some day but what you might not realize is that that day is closer than you think.
Switch your focus from your day to day routine and start thinking bigger picture.
Expand your worldview to wake up your ambition start letting it drive your actions at work or at school.
Talk to the people in power, and let them know that you're ready to work for what you want.
The people who are important to you probably do not realize how important they are to you, so it's up to you to make them understand.
Use your creative writing abilities to let them know follow whatever method fits you best, whether it's email, a greeting card, or a long heartfelt letter.
Don't take these relationships for granted.
They require your attention from time to time.
Sharing how you feel will make them feel good and more important it will make you feel good.
Have recent events confused you? If you are not understanding why things are happening the way they are happening, then it's time for you to spend some time sorting through recent events.
Today you will have the clarity you need to start seeing some patterns and rather than depress you, this discovery will inspire you to instigate the changes you need to make in your life.
Get distance from the bad influences in your life today, and you will soon be able to break those patterns.
More than ever today, it is important for you to remember that you are not in charge of anyone else's happiness you are only in charge of your own.
Everyone else must find their own way to fulfillment and joy, so do not fall for any guilt that might get tossed your way.
And if other people are holding you responsible for their unhappiness, they are not being fair.
It might sound harsh, but you have to put your own real needs ahead of their perceived needs today.
Mistakes happen, and unfortunately sometimes mistakes happen at very inopportune times.
Today, a voice of authority will prove that it doesn't quite know everything and you'll be extremely inconvenienced by it.
You may be mislead by your bank account, your boss, or maybe even your partner.
There is no point in getting angry about it it wasn't done on purpose.
You'll just have to fix it and move on.
This bad luck will be blissfully brief, however.
The friendly competition between you and another intellectual is getting friendlier and friendlier could there be a mutual attraction brewing here? Take time today to investigate this possibility (but only if you are interested, of course).
You could be mistaking their respect for your intellect with an attraction, so be very careful about how far you take your assumptions.
You make an excellent partner in anything right now your listening skills are top-notch and you are ready to compromise.
Despite the fact that the people around you right now might be less than thrilled about what is going on, you have to keep your bright outlook! Don't join in with others who might be throwing a great big pity party they are never much fun after everyone agrees to be miserable.
Let other people live under a cloud while you choose to stay hopeful and focused on going where it is that you want to go.
Of course, you need to be prepared to go there by yourself.
You need to start understanding that expressing yourself is necessary to get you to the next level of happiness.
In other words, for a healthier life, you need to share your feelings no matter what they are.
So today, whenever you feel something, express it in the most original and creative way you can.
Singing, dancing, cooking or even just goofing around are all great ways to display how you're feeling.
If you keep your emotions inside or mask them, you'll be wasting your time.
