A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air. 
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn’t have.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.
A good time to finish up old tasks. 
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A lifetime of happiness lies ahead of you.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year. 
A person is never to (sic) old to learn. 
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A short pencil is usually better than a long memory any day.
A small donation is call for. It’s the right thing to do.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do. 
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An acquaintance of the past will affect you in the near future.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you. 
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Believe it can be done.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Bide your time, for success is near.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart? 
Courtesy begins in the home.
Courtesy is contagious.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Determination is what you need now.
Diligence and modesty can raise your social status.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not demand for someone’s soul if you already got his heart.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Do you know that the busiest person has the largest amount of time?
Don’t be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Don’t confuse recklessness with confidence. 
Don’t just spend time. Invest it.
Don’t just think, act!
Don’t let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don’t let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don’t let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don’t worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet life’s situations.
Embrace this love relationship you have!
Emulate what you admire in your parents. 
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Expect much of yourself and little of others.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Failure is the path of lease persistence.
Fear and desire – two sides of the same coin.
Fearless courage is the foundation of victory.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
First think of what you want to do; then do what you have to do.
Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set – confidence will lead you on.
Get your mind set…confidence will lead you on.
Go for the gold today! You’ll be the champion of whatever.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed. 
He who knows he has enough is rich.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
Help! I’m being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!
How many of you believe in psycho-kinesis? Raise my hand.
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
If you’re feeling down, try throwing yourself into your work.
Imagination rules the world.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the end all things will be known.
In this world of contradiction, It’s [sic] better to be merry than wise.
It could be better, but its[sic] good enough.
It is better to be an optimist and proven a fool than to be a pessimist and be proven right.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It takes courage to admit fault.
It’s not the amount of time you devote, but what you devote to the time that counts.
It’s time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Like the river flow into the sea. Something are just meant to be.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Long life is in store for you.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Love lights up the world.
Love truth, but pardon error. 
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Man’s mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains it’s original dimensions.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues. 
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new
Now is the time to try something new.
Observe all men, but most of all yourself.
One can never fill another’s shoes, rather he must outgrow the old shoes.
One of the first things you should look for in a problem is its positive side.
Others can help you now.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!
People are attracted by your Delicate[sic] features.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Perhaps you’ve been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Please visit us at www.wontonfood.com
Po Says: Pandas like eating bamboo, but I prefer mine dipped in chocolate.
Practice makes perfect.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Remember the birthday but never the age.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Savor your freedom – it is precious.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sift through your past to get a better idea of the present.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Stand tall. Don’t look down upon yourself. 
Staying close to home is going to be best for your morale today
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
Strong reasons make strong actions.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is failure turned inside out.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Swimming is easy. Stay floating is hard.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take the high road.
Technology is the art of arranging the world so we do not notice it.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The best prediction of future is the past.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The greatest achievement in life is to stand up again after falling.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The night life is for you.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you. 
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
The weather is wonderful. 
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness. 
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived (sic) ones prosper.
There’s no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Things don’t just happen; they happen just.
Those who care will make the effort.
Time and patience are called for many surprises await you!. (sic)
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won’t budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
Welcome change.
“Welcome” is a powerful word.
Well done is better than well said.
What’s hidden in an empty box?
What’s yours in mine, and what’s mine is mine.
When more become too much. It’s same as being not enough.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
Wish you happiness.
With age comes wisdom.
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a talented storyteller. 
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes. 
You are in good hands this evening.
You are interested in higher education, whether material or spiritual.
You are modest and courteous.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends. 
You are solid and dependable.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation. 
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You are working hard.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You can keep a secret.
You can see a lot just by looking.
You can’t steal second base and keep your foot on first.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired. 
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection. 
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have had a good start. Work harder!
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
You look pretty.
You love challenge.
You love chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems. 
You never know who you touch.
You only treasure what you lost.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider. 
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You should pay for this check. Be generous.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society. 
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be pleasantly surprised tonight.
You will be sharing great news with all the people you love.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will make change for the better.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
You will travel far and wide,both pleasure and business.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability is appreciated.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your goal will be reached very soon.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will payoff today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it’s wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mentality is alert, practical, and analytical.
Your mind is creative, original and alert.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your moods signal a period of change.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your reputation is your wealth.
Your success will astonish everyone. 
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
With integrity and consistency -- your credits are piling up.
Reach out your hand today to support others who need you.
It is not the outside riches bit the inside ones that produce happiness.
How dark is dark?, How wise is wise?
We can admire all we see, but we can only pick one.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
You discover treasures where others see nothing unusual.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
Understanding the nature of change, changes the nature.
You will be unusually successful in business.
Your spirit of adventure leads you down an exiting new path.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
You are the master of every situation.
Be brave enough to live creatively.
Cookies go stake. Fortunes are forever.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens.
Ability is not something to be shown off.
Your power is in your ability to decide.
Wherever you go, whenever you can, try to leave a gift.
Kind words can be shot and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Age can never hope to with you while your heart is young.
Example is better than perception.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Today's profits are yesterday's good well ripened.
LSDBS - Let Something Good Be Said.
There is in the worst of fortunes the best change of a happy ending.
Service to many leads to greatness.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
I think and that is all that I am.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Yesterday was a dare to struggle. Today is a dare to win.
Make everyday your best. You will improve yourself greatly.
You must be willing to act today in order to succeed.
Venture not all in one boat.
Suppressing a moment of anger may save a day of sorrow.
Never be less than your dreams.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
If you chase two rabbits both will escape.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
Haste does not bring success.
You will stumble into the path that will lead your life to happiness.
You will always be successful in you professional career.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Service is the rent you pay for having room on the Earth.
Be smart, but never show it.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
You or a close friend will be married soon.
We will not know the worth of water 'till the well is dry.
You are talented in many ways.
Do your best to make it happen
You will find great forces in unexpected places.
What you see in the mirror, and what you are can be two different images.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Do onto others as you wish others do onto you.
Struggle as and hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
You have a pair of shining eyes.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Stand tall! Don't look down upon yourself.
Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it.
Wise man seldom talks.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Don't put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
A family reunion in the coming months will be a tremendous success!
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
Calamity is the touchstone of a brave mind.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
You are going to take a vacation.
Commitment is the stuff character is made of; the power to change the face of things.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than forty years old.
A person is not wise simply because one talks a lot.
It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
Most people, once they graduate from the school of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll.
Everyone needs to be loved, especially those do not deserve it.
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You will be awarded some great honor.
Don't build your happiness on other's sorrow.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart.
Don't be afraid of fear.
There's no point to being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
You will learn something new every day.
You can't go far in a rowboat without oars.
Failure is the virtual way to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Many receive advice only the wise profit by it.
A banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining.
Maturity: Do your duty without being supervised.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets.
You can't have everything where would you put it all?
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
He who hurries cannot walk with dignity.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
If you're riding ahead of the heard, look back once in a while to make sure it's still there.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of two.
Everywhere you choose to go friendly faces will greet you.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
To understand is hard. Once one understands, action is easy.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
When in anger, sing the alphabet.
Wealth is a means to an end not the end itself.
It's high time for one of your most promising ideas.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
People are drawn to you and look to you for advice.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Do a good deed anonymously. You will make a difference in your life.
Financial prosperity is coming your way!
A healthy body will benefit you forever.
Mental activity keeps you busy at this time.
Say "I love you" and mean it. You can't do that enough.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
Enjoy the small things you find on your path.
Good food brings good health and longevity.
The act of giving is more important than receiving.
Every burden is a blessing.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Your next interview will result in a job.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Peace begins with a smile.
Engage in group activities that further transformation.
Be satisfied with what you already own.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
You have a potential urge and the ability for accomplishment.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Action is worry's worst enemy.
Men do not fail... they give up trying.
Are your legs tired? You been running through someone's mind ALL day long.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not loose this ability.
Will you let compassion to manage your wishes.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Home is where your heart is.
A huge fortune at home is not as good as money in use.
Humor is the affirmation of dignity.
Your heavy desire, only allow you to see what you are looking for.
TEAMS - Together Everyone Achieves More Success.
You have a heart of gold.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
Want to learn how to love, start with the one you hate.
There is beauty in simplicity.
Learning is a treasure which accompanies us everywhere.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
This person's love is just and true. You may rely on it.
You will be spending time outdoors, in the mountains, near water.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
He joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Regenerate your system through diet and exercise. Save the cookies!
Listen to the wisdom of the old.
Even the toughest of days have bright spots, just do your best.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
When the moment comes, take the one from the right.
Old friends make best friends.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
People learn little from success, but much from failure.
Keep in mind your most cherished dreams of the future.
You always do things the right way.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
Join a new club today, you'll be surprised.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Some people never have anything except ideas, Go do it.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
You are more likely to give than give in.
If you bite the hand that feeds you, it wont taste as good as the food you were fed.
The heart has its reasons, which the reasons dos not know.
Even the longest of days will come to an end.
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded!
There are no stupid questions, just stupid answer.
Success is an accumulation of successful days.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
Just because you put tap shoes on an elephant does not mean it can dance.
Start to look for you faults if you never made mistakes.
Good sense is the master of human life.
Your luck has been completely changed today.
Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
A judgment will rule in your favor.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
Look forward to great fortune and a new lease on life!
You will travel to many places.
You will enjoy a trip to Asia.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
Your smile always brightens the cloudiest days.
A friend in the market is better than money in the purse.
A new venture will be a success.
It is by those who have suffered that the world is most advanced.
Everything must have a beginning.
The important thing is to express yourself.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all undimmed.
New and rewarding opportunities will soon develop for you.
Seek to assert your devotion when a worthy situation arises.
The glass is not half-empty, it's just twice too big.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
A sound mind and healthy body bring many happy events to your family.
Plan your work and work your plan.
Courage is rightly considered the foremost of the virtues, for upon it, all others depend.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
Character development is the true aim  of education.
Trust him, but sill keep your eyes open.
He who is shipwrecked the second time cannot lay the blame on Neptune.
To get respect from others, one must first give respect to others.
Walk the words you talk and talk the words you walk.
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.
The time is right to make new friends.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
If you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and soul devout.
Walk with a good heart and you will run with success.
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You will soon meet the person you admire.
A good time to start something new.
All generalities are false.
If at first you do not succeed... try something harder.
Your good listening skills will open many doors.
Two people shorten a road.
Don't let anyone ever tell you you can't daydream on a Monday.
You will see it when you believe it.
Speak good things about yourself into existence.
Progress, not perfection.
Nobody ever got anywhere by standing still.
Embrace a new narrative.
Get lost in the right direction.
Decide for yourself who you are. No one else gets to make that  decision for you.
Follow what calls you.
Be humble and proud of yourself  at the same time.
Stop saying yes to things you don't want to do. 
You can't do everything by yourself. Start asking for help.
Fear will always be a thing.  But don't let it get in your way.
Make self-care a non-negotiable.
Evolve as a human.
Change comes from embracing the future, not fighting your past.
Decisions don't determine right and wrong. They determine outcomes.
Recognize yourself in others.
What's good for you brings out the best in you what's bad for you doesn't.
The only person who has to believe in you is you.
Trust the wait.  Enjoy not knowing.
Set yourself up to experience what you love.
Turn your life upside down. On purpose.
If you want to grow, you have to be willing to learn. 
There are no rules.
Let go and let the universe do its thing.
You shouldn't have to be small for someone else to be BIG.
Be kind to other human beings.
Learn to be right in a way that doesn't rely on someone else to be wrong.
It's not your job to fix people.
Whatever you can do, you must do.
Don't let anyone forever preserve  you in a place in life that you  were simply passing through.
It's better to wait for the right  answer than rush into the wrong one.
If the thing you're focusing on makes you unhappy, focus on something else.
Give yourself a chance to see what happens when you don't give up.
Everything's gonna be cool.
Good instincts are worthless if you don't follow them.
Love bad things from a good distance.
Change the way you look at things.  They'll return the favor.
Do the thing.
Edit your life.
Somewhere beneath all those distracting details is the best version of you.
Make people see you.
Accept all experiences as potentially good.
You're focusing on the tributary  when you need to focus on the lake.
Be easily awed, not easily impressed.
Protect your heart by acknowledging what it's feeling.
Can you not live without him? I can, but I'd prefer not to.
Don't make a wish. Make a decision.
Do things on purpose.
Do the thing that scares you most.
Everyone you'll ever meet is smarter about something than you are.
Be less moved by the opinion of others.
You can't fail if you're willing to.
Adjust your eyes. See the same things differently. 
Some things are just too heavy to haul around.
The first thing you should know about me is that I'm not you. A lot more will make sense after that.
Heighten your vibes. Lighten your strides.
Be unwilling to lie to yourself.
Everything and everyone is your teacher.
Love yourself hard.
It's time for a good ol' fashioned adventure.
Follow what you love and see what turns up.
You will know it when you see it. it will know you when it sees you.
I am resilient.
I don't care how smart, rich, powerful, rich or pretty you are. Just be kind and we'll be good.
Your instincts know things before you do. Trust them.
Note from the future: I'm not intimidated by your past.
Listen for the whispers.  Look for the signs.
Take nothing personally.
It's good to be prepared, but stay open to surprises.
Win your mind. Win your life.
Tune into the love frequency. Tune out everything else.
Tap into your magic.
Love what you do so it will love you.
Practice not-so-random acts of discipline.
Hurry up and fail so you can win.
Don't write off good advice from people who have had bad experiences.
Mad is easier than sad, but it's far less effective.
When you love yourself, people who don't love you back become less interesting.
If you're not where you want to be, don't stay there for too long.
Sit around and wait for happiness to find you. Just kidding. Get up and fight for it for dear life.
Don't take credit for your talents. Take credit for how you choose to use them.
Unlearn everything that you aren't. Relearn everything that you are.
Everything that is was first a dream.
Being a strong woman used to mean  you could put up with a lot without  breaking. Now it means you can put up with a lot, but aren't willing to.
My superpower is waking up early and working really hard.
It's your duty to dream.
Keep your next move quiet.
Caring what other people think about  you isn't a weakness. It's accepting it  as fact that gets you in trouble.
Free spirits don't ask for permission.
Be a product of your decisions,  not your circumstances.
Go after what you want or be happy with what you get.
Let people discover you  over time.
Design the version of yourself you want to be. (Then be it.)
Seek adventure.
Go out and kick some serious ass.
Slay hard. Stay soft.
Being patient is less about waiting  things out until you get your way, and more about being tolerant of what is.
Good news: The light at the end of the  tunnel isn't a train.
Stop trying to skip the struggle. You don't get to start at the  part where you're winning.
You're intoxicating when you do what you love.
Stay focused.
Be passionate and totally worth the chaos.
You'll see it when you believe it.
Be slow to respond, not quick to react.
Where there's a will,  there's a bae.
Because your comfort zone isn't even comfortable.
Don't make it look easy. The fact is it's really hard and you're doing it anyway.
Dare big Fear small.
No matter what you do today, absolutely kill it.
Pay attention to where your mind wanders when you  allow it to wonder.
Flow with things rather than insist they flow with you.
Let there be no confusion: things are unfolding exactly  as they should.
Do what people say you can't, just because you can.
Let yourself dream again.
Enter unknown territory.
Don't be in a hurry in the short  term for things you want to last for the long term.
Let the difference between where  you are and where you want to  be inspire you.
You should def go for it.
Unbecome everything that isn't you.
Take no for an answer.
Nature is self-correcting. Let it do its thing.
Switch your frequency.
Do what you love.  The rest will fall into place.
Pay attention to the patterns.
Make less time for life's garbage.
Don't be scared of stuff.
To be found: stop hiding.
Master your worries.
That point where you are about to give up but decide not to and everything starts falling into place.
Be real with yourself or you can't be real with anyone else.
The middle of the process is no place to determine the end of it.
Being right all of the time is boring.
Pretend it's your first time.
Do. Chill. Do again.
Focus on the magic of things; yourself.
Brand new ancient proverb: be warm inside even when the  temperature outside is cold.
The thing is not the thing. it's the thing you think about the thing.
Make mistake. Repeat. make mistake. repeat. make mistake. do something different.
I love you.
More money only solves the less money problem. nothing else.
Get your hopes up.
Things don't always go the way you planned. fortunately.
Make the invisible visible.
Follow your hunches. explore your doubts.
Give to give. Not to get.
Go with what feels right even if it ends up being wrong.
Love everything. everything will love you back.
Learn to say "i don't know" and inherit the world's knowledge.
Sweat the small stuff. the small stuff is the big stuff.
Act with purpose.
Consistency is the key to mastery.
The quiet speaks volumes.
Don't take the bait.
Be quiet. Hear more.
Look for proof that you're amazing.
Don't be loyal to what's not loyal to you.
When you make a decision, you commit to its journey.
You know what to do.
The only way to get there is to decide to.
If it's supposed to, it will.
Treat yourself as well as you treat others
Do first. Talk second.
The more you trust yourself the more you'll be able to trust others.
Just because you love something doesn't make it right for you.
Just show up.
The truth is not confusing.
Don't do other people's parts. just do your own.
Make sure to do what you love.  not just what you're good at.
You're allowed to feel however you want. But must you always act on it?
Make the big decisions and the little decisions will make themselves.
Guilt serves no purpose.
Identify with everything.  align with nothing.
Figure out where you're going.  then go there.
People have different opinions than you. let them.
Win like a rookie.  lose like a pro.
Do your thing. let other people do theirs.
Redefine everything.
You can't force a thing to work when it's not supposed to.
Go outside and play.
Don't fall into a role created by someone else. you're a natural at the one you've got.
You are better than your knee-jerk reactions.
Who says?
Be really great at taking criticism.
Invest less in proving why things won't work.
If you want it to be a sign, let it be. if you fear it's a sign, don't let it be.
Let disruption and discomfort  be your guides.
Don't just plant a seed and  let it grow: take pleasure in its growth.
Be better at being wrong.
Not getting what you want usually gives you information that you need.
Go all in. Forego the backup plan.
Roadblocks emerge to either stop you or reroute you. it's up to you whether to break through them  OR YIELD THEIR QUIET INSTRUCTION.
Marvel at what happens when you stop interfering.
You don't need to figure it out right now.
It's all in your head.
You're not courageous because you lack fear. you're courageous because you feel fear and keep going anyway.
When doing something doesn't work, do nothing instead.
Use your power for good.
Change your mind.
Keep looking for the lessons even when you don't think you need them.
Let 'yes' be the answer already.
Do it anyway.
Nothing means anything until you make something of nothing.
Learn to distinguish between what is familiar and what is love.
Put this to memory once and for all: what others think about you doesn't define you. vice versa.
It's allowed to be easy.
Resist the urge to resist temptation.
Beware the grand gesture.
Consider that the opposite of your theory is true.
Don't confuse the learning tool with the lesson.
Don't make up your mind until you're good and ready. feel  free to change it after that.
Don't seek approval from others. Seek it from yourself.
Be more process oriented.  you're too focused on the goal.
Never let 'em see you coming.
No sudden moves.
Let things unfold.  relinquish control.
Change the way you look at things. they'll return the favor.
The silent person isn't thinking what you think he is. you are.
Be enough like the people that they'll listen to you. be enough different  that you'll have something to say.
Instincts are habitual, knee-jerk   reactions. (Trust sometimes.) Intuition  is your link to infinite wisdom.  (Trust all of the time.)
Directions: start here. keep going.
The one who imagines does not always create. the one who creates does not always imagine.
You can't tell what someone's feeling on the inside by what they're showing on the outside.
Innocence is bliss.
Learn as much from joy as you do from pain.
What you are seeking  is also seeking you.
Don't expect what you see in your mind to look the same in the mind of others.
First impressions are overrated.  it's not that they can't be accurate. it's that they're often based on THINGS THAT DON'T MATTER.
Learn to delay gratification.
Master living in a perpetual state of not knowing. you are here.
Don't worry what they're doing, baby. let them worry about you.
You simply haven't lived until you've learned to let go
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Don’t forget, you are always on our minds.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Don’t ask, don’t say. Everything lies in silence.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Good things are being said about you.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
Someone is speaking well of you.
The time is right to make new friends.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain. D. Parton
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will witness a special ceremony.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
You have many different visions of what you want the next year of your life to be, and you won't get anywhere with any of them unless you pick one idea and stick with it! Being indecisive is understandable, for a while.
But you can't carry on too long without knowing where to go next you need to do whatever it takes to make your choice, today.
Getting more information will only confuse and overwhelm you, so focus on what matters.
Then decide.
Flip a coin if you have to, just get going!.
Do not let someone's nasty comment eat away at you they are only trying to push your buttons, and if you get mad, you'll only play into their hands.
Instead, be extra good to them.
Show them more respect than they have shown you.
Kill them with kindness.
By rising above the petty fight they seem to be itching for, you will show them (and the influential people who may be watching) your maturity.
Taking the high road is always wise for you.
Feel free to consider yourself first today! It's not about being selfish, it's about putting things in the proper priority.
For too long, you have been putting the needs, wants and wishes of other people way ahead of your own priorities.
This was wise and accomplished a lot of good things for you not to mention all the karma points you racked up.
But today, it is your turn.
Say no to something you don't want to do, and do not feel guilty for doing so.
Someone is stepping into your territory today, but as threatened as you might feel by them, this is no day to engage in any kind of power struggle with them.
You're better than they are in so many ways, and they are well aware of this which is why they are making such aggressive moves.
But their tactics are only going to backfire on them, so you don't have to worry about reprimanding them.
They just want to bring you down to their level.
Don't go there.
Someone at work or school is trying to get a rise out of you by acting in an unusual or controversial way.
They'll be deliberately saying and doing things in order to get your attention could it be that they have a little crush on you? Probably.
But to you, their weird behavior is nothing you can't roll with, so their little plan is going to backfire on them! They've underestimated how smart you are but they are still intrigued.
Enjoy the chase.
Have you been giving someone the silent treatment? It won't do you much good you can't make your point unless you clearly communicate what you are feeling and what you need.
People cannot read your mind.
So get in touch and clear the air.
If you are the one who is getting the silent treatment from someone else, reach out and check in with them.
Find out if they are ready to talk.
Approach things compassionately and with all your defenses down.
When was the last time you felt truly challenged? Get your fix today by embracing unfamiliar things.
Step out of your (too comfy) comfort zone today and put yourself into some uncomfortable situations.
Engage with unfamiliar philosophies.
Explore new cultures, music or religions.
You will find a whole new way of thinking! You do not have to adopt any big changes just expose yourself to things that are strange, foreign and invigorating.
The experience will stay with you for days.
Are you feeling intimidated by an intellectual who's just popped onto the scene? Don't be! The more they talk about how much they know, the more obvious it will become that they don't really know what they are talking about.
So just let them hog the spotlight for as long as they want, and they will quickly prove to everyone just how smart they aren't.
True intelligence is all about knowing that you don't know everything be humble, and keep learning.
Right now your reputation is shining brighter than ever, but that only means that it's more important than ever to maintain its spotless sheen.
You have far too much to lose by putting only half your energy into whatever you're doing, so resist the urge to put things on auto-pilot at any point today.
Give this day one hundred percent, and prove to the powerful people who are watching that you are the real deal not just someone bluffing their way through life.
Sure any impulse buys you make today might provide temporary relief for your symptoms, but they definitely won't fix the underlying cause.
Save your money for another day and instead, take a walk, visit with a friend, or do something else that is free of charge.
You'll get much more value of out it.
Retail therapy is not a very effective way of dealing with whatever dramas you're going through right now so avoid the mall and do not get out that plastic!.
Tempo is key today do your best to stay in rhythm with the people around you, which will be no easy task.
Each of the people you encounter today is marching to the beat of their own drummer, and you'll have to be ready to go faster or slower, depending.
This challenge will be good for you, though it will teach you how to treat people as individuals and anticipate their needs.
It will help you learn to be even more flexible than you already are!.
At a loss for words regarding the ridiculous comments of a friend? Don't think about things from a political angle just listen to your intuition and do what it says to do.
If you overthink things, you will get caught up in a bunch of stuff that just doesn't matter.
Your ideas around school or work are getting a lot more attention lately.
You could be asked to explain yourself a bit more this is your chance to sell a strategy that could put you on the map.
Going on and on about your accomplishments doesn't make a good impression on people, but you can't avoid being proud of yourself just because you think you're going to bug a few people.
You did what you did, and it was a big deal so you have a right to crow about it a little bit! Share your accomplishments with the people who care about you, and they'll be delighted and happy to congratulate you.
If one of your friends reached a big goal, you'd want them to feel good about themselves, right?.
Give yourself a lot of compassion today you might not need it, but you have to remind yourself that if the chips are ever down, you can always rely on yourself.
You are your own best support staff! You cannot listen to negative people who are telling you how badly things could go.
Instead, just put your blinders on it's okay to do that once in a while! Turn off the outside world, and find comfort inside your mind.
You will find all the encouragement and love you need.
Today you would be wise to try to get some alone time do not let social expectations drive you out into the world if you're not feeling it.
If you're feeling the urge to be a homebody, be a homebody! Others might react emotionally to your choice, but that shouldn't sway your decision.
The bottom line is that your life is yours to do with whatever you want, good or bad.
Work pressures are easing, so expect a lot of free weekday nights.
Enjoy them.
Today, instead of getting all embarrassed when someone points out what a great thing you did, you'll get a great sense of pride! This is as it should be and it's a sure sign that you are growing in the right direction.
As your ego grows sturdier, your ability to be open-minded grows stronger as well.
You'll no longer take things as personally as you used to, because your skin is getting thicker and you are realizing that if you screw up every now and then, the world will not fall apart.
To encourage more growth in one of your friendships, you should be more generous with your constructive criticism.
This person can take honesty and they want you to be honest with them.
You just have to be sure that you give them that honesty with a sugar coating.
Focus on the positive and amp up your enthusiasm before telling them the downside of their behavior.
You have a right to be a more active part of this relationship.
And in order to do so, you have to speak up more.
While planning a big event might not be your favorite activity of all time, it is something you will be very good at today.
People around you will not be as organized as you, so you should step up and take charge.
Base your choices on simple pros and cons, deadlines and dates.
If you want to move beyond your current phase of life, you are going to have to get a better plan together.
Enlist help from your most organized friends and learn from the masters!.
A hot new adventure is beginning today, but you might not be at the top of the guest list.
This minor inconvenience doesn't have to stop you, though just use some of your creativity to figure a way to elbow your way in on the fun! Luckily, your mind is a creative fountain, bubbling up with unique ways to get yourself an engraved invitation to the inner circle of the movers and shakers.
They need you to be there, and you can easily convince them of that fact.
Today, try to spice up your life by trying something new and different whether it's a new household renovation project, a new bestselling novel, a new type of cuisine, or just a new route to and from work.
Getting stuck in a routine is no fun especially now, when there are so many wonderful things in your life to explore.
There is no excuse for not mixing things up today.
You have the time, you have the energy, and you definitely will have the desire you need!.
A heated debate between you and someone else today could create more than just an intellectual connection it might just trigger some romantic feelings as well.
Opposites attract, and getting a glimpse into how someone else's mind works can be a very attractive and alluring thing.
Be careful about jumping on these feelings too soon, however make sure that they are available and interested in exploring new options.
If they are not, you can look forward to more conversations.
When everyone's laughing today, you won't find things so funny.
It may feel like you're missing out on the joke, but don't let it unnerve you or weaken your self-confidence.
You're just a bit out of synch with other people right now, mostly because you've been so wrapped up in your own plans.
It's going to take you a little bit more time to get back into the swing of things, so be patient with yourself.
They aren't expecting you to be the life of the party that is, not until you're ready to be.
You will probably get a strong urge to exercise your creativity on your living quarters today.
And if you have the time to do it, you definitely should the universe is sending you all the energy you need to repaint the kitchen, fix a broken chair, clean out a closet and execute other types of domestic re-engineering.
Where you live says a lot about who you are.
Make sure to add your personal flair so that visitors see the real you when they walk in the door.
If you see a chance, take it today that applies to any type of opportunity, but especially to the romantic kind.
When someone holds your eye contact a little too long, smiles at you a little too broadly, or asks some personal questions about your availability, they want to get to know you better.
Go for the romance today, even if you feel like you might be acting silly.
What's the point of looking cool all the time if no one knows who you really are?.
It's no secret that having a positive attitude will attract more positive people to you.
So why aren't you grinning from ear to ear? You want more good energy around you, and it's up to you to get it.
Turn your attitude into a more positive one, and soon enough you will be surrounded by people who can add to your good mood.
This is a wonderful time to start a new relationship, whether it's romantic or business.
More good people is all you need, right now.
More than ever before, you are feeling confident and your communication skills are exceptional.
You are finally ready to have that difficult discussion you've been putting off for a while.
So step right up to the annoying person who's been pushing your buttons for far too long.
Give a piece of your mind to that coworker who thinks they know everything.
You don't have to be rude about what you say to them, you just have to make it clear to them that you won't tolerate it any longer.
All the willpower you've been relying on lately is still going strong, so have no worries that you will succumb to any irresistible forces today.
The charm that your vice holds for you is fading you just need to keep abstaining, and soon you will lose your taste for it altogether.
Plus, if you encourage your newly found inner strength to grow, you will be able to use it in different contexts in your life.
Get ready to begin a very empowered phase of living.
It's not news that money gives you power but it also gives you responsibility.
Are you fully aware of the responsibilities that you've taken on? It's impossible to take your finances too seriously right now.
There are a few unpaid bills that you haven't factored into your budget, and today is a good day to make sure you know exactly how much is coming in and how much is going out.
The two are definitely nowhere near equal.
The sooner you get an accurate picture, the better.
Someone who is where you want to be in life is giving you a vision of the future you want to have some day but what you might not realize is that that day is closer than you think.
Switch your focus from your day to day routine and start thinking bigger picture.
Expand your worldview to wake up your ambition start letting it drive your actions at work or at school.
Talk to the people in power, and let them know that you're ready to work for what you want.
The people who are important to you probably do not realize how important they are to you, so it's up to you to make them understand.
Use your creative writing abilities to let them know follow whatever method fits you best, whether it's email, a greeting card, or a long heartfelt letter.
Don't take these relationships for granted.
They require your attention from time to time.
Sharing how you feel will make them feel good and more important it will make you feel good.
Have recent events confused you? If you are not understanding why things are happening the way they are happening, then it's time for you to spend some time sorting through recent events.
Today you will have the clarity you need to start seeing some patterns and rather than depress you, this discovery will inspire you to instigate the changes you need to make in your life.
Get distance from the bad influences in your life today, and you will soon be able to break those patterns.
More than ever today, it is important for you to remember that you are not in charge of anyone else's happiness you are only in charge of your own.
Everyone else must find their own way to fulfillment and joy, so do not fall for any guilt that might get tossed your way.
And if other people are holding you responsible for their unhappiness, they are not being fair.
It might sound harsh, but you have to put your own real needs ahead of their perceived needs today.
Mistakes happen, and unfortunately sometimes mistakes happen at very inopportune times.
Today, a voice of authority will prove that it doesn't quite know everything and you'll be extremely inconvenienced by it.
You may be mislead by your bank account, your boss, or maybe even your partner.
There is no point in getting angry about it it wasn't done on purpose.
You'll just have to fix it and move on.
This bad luck will be blissfully brief, however.
The friendly competition between you and another intellectual is getting friendlier and friendlier could there be a mutual attraction brewing here? Take time today to investigate this possibility (but only if you are interested, of course).
You could be mistaking their respect for your intellect with an attraction, so be very careful about how far you take your assumptions.
You make an excellent partner in anything right now your listening skills are top-notch and you are ready to compromise.
Despite the fact that the people around you right now might be less than thrilled about what is going on, you have to keep your bright outlook! Don't join in with others who might be throwing a great big pity party they are never much fun after everyone agrees to be miserable.
Let other people live under a cloud while you choose to stay hopeful and focused on going where it is that you want to go.
Of course, you need to be prepared to go there by yourself.
You need to start understanding that expressing yourself is necessary to get you to the next level of happiness.
In other words, for a healthier life, you need to share your feelings no matter what they are.
So today, whenever you feel something, express it in the most original and creative way you can.
Singing, dancing, cooking or even just goofing around are all great ways to display how you're feeling.
If you keep your emotions inside or mask them, you'll be wasting your time.
