Reach out your hand today to support others who need you.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
While planning a big event might not be your favorite activity of all time, it is something you will be very good at today.
Old friends make best friends.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
It’s not the amount of time you devote, but what you devote to the time that counts.
You are going to have some new clothes. 
Don't let anyone forever preserve you in a place in life that you were simply passing through.
Keep your next move quiet.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
You'll no longer take things as personally as you used to, because your skin is getting thicker and you are realizing that if you screw up every now and then, the world will not fall apart.
You're just a bit out of synch with other people right now, mostly because you've been so wrapped up in your own plans.
Don’t just spend time. Invest it.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Love what you do so it will love you.
Don't be in a hurry in the short term for things you want to last for the long term.
Instincts are habitual, knee-jerk reactions.
Intuition is your link to infinite wisdom.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do. 
A fresh start will put you on your way.
It is better to be an optimist and proven a fool than to be a pessimist and be proven right.
Innocence is bliss.
Don’t confuse recklessness with confidence. 
Kind words can be shot and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
A friend in the market is better than money in the purse.
Don't seek approval from others, seek it from yourself.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
If you overthink things, you will get caught up in a bunch of stuff that just doesn't matter.
You may be mislead by your bank account, your boss, or maybe even your partner.
The end of something marks the start of something new.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are modest and courteous.
Some things are just too heavy to haul around.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Directions: start here. keep going.
Regenerate your system through diet and exercise.
You will see it when you believe it.
You will be awarded some great honor.
In order to take, one must first give.
I don't care how smart, rich, powerful, rich or pretty you are. Just be kind and we'll be good.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
Give this day one hundred percent, and prove to the powerful people who are watching that you are the real deal not just someone bluffing their way through life.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Seek adventure.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
That point where you are about to give up but decide not to and everything starts falling into place.
The one who imagines does not always create. the one who creates does not always imagine.
You need to start understanding that expressing yourself is necessary to get you to the next level of happiness.
Sit around and wait for happiness to find you. Just kidding. Get up and fight for it for dear life.
Free spirits don't ask for permission.
It's all in your head.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
Don't take the bait.
If you want it to be a sign, let it be. if you fear it's a sign, don't let it be.
An important person will offer you support.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Calamity is the touchstone of a brave mind.
Do not let someone's nasty comment eat away at you they are only trying to push your buttons, and if you get mad, you'll only play into their hands.
Being right all of the time is boring.
It's allowed to be easy.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
Join a new club today, you'll be surprised.
Kill them with kindness.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
If you chase two rabbits both will escape.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Venture not all in one boat.
The heart has its reasons, which the reasons dos not know.
Walk the words you talk and talk the words you walk.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Set yourself up to experience what you love.
Do things on purpose.
Use your creative writing abilities to let them know follow whatever method fits you best, whether it's email, a greeting card, or a long heartfelt letter.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Someone is speaking well of you.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it’s wedded with blind stubbornness.
Despite the fact that the people around you right now might be less than thrilled about what is going on, you have to keep your bright outlook.
Don't join in with others who might be throwing a great big pity party they are never much fun after everyone agrees to be miserable.
Just because you put tap shoes on an elephant does not mean it can dance.
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.
Po Says: Pandas like eating bamboo, but I prefer mine dipped in chocolate.
All will go well with your new project.
Being patient is less about waiting things out until you get your way, and more about being tolerant of what is.
Say no to something you don't want to do, and do not feel guilty for doing so.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Let things unfold. relinquish control.
Don’t ask, don’t say. Everything lies in silence.
You make an excellent partner in anything right now your listening skills are top-notch and you are ready to compromise.
In this world of contradiction, It’s [sic] better to be merry than wise.
Everything's gonna be cool.
Follow what you love and see what turns up.
Example is better than perception.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Everything that is was first a dream.
But today, it is your turn.
Give a piece of your mind to that coworker who thinks they know everything.
Bide your time, for success is near.
Give yourself a chance to see what happens when you don't give up.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
He who is shipwrecked the second time cannot lay the blame on Neptune.
Well done is better than well said.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
Turn your attitude into a more positive one, and soon enough you will be surrounded by people who can add to your good mood.
Expand your worldview to wake up your ambition start letting it drive your actions at work or at school.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
Be quiet. Hear more.
Take nothing personally.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
What you see in the mirror, and what you are can be two different images.
Be easily awed, not easily impressed.
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends. 
Enjoy the small things you find on your path.
If you're not where you want to be, don't stay there for too long.
Make mistake. Repeat. make mistake. repeat. make mistake. do something different.
Retail therapy is not a very effective way of dealing with whatever dramas you're going through right now so avoid the mall and do not get out that plastic.
The night life is for you.
Let yourself dream again.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you. 
You are broad minded and socially active.
A judgment will rule in your favor.
Do your best to make it happen
Pay attention to where your mind wanders when you allow it to wonder.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Don’t let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Do not demand for someone’s soul if you already got his heart.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
Be enough like the people that they'll listen to you. be enough different that you'll have something to say.
You will live a long, happy life.
Don't think about things from a political angle just listen to your intuition and do what it says to do.
Switch your focus from your day to day routine and start thinking bigger picture.
Go after what you want or be happy with what you get.
Make less time for life's garbage.
It might sound harsh, but you have to put your own real needs ahead of their perceived needs today.
Understanding the nature of change, changes the nature.
There's no point to being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not loose this ability.
Taking the high road is always wise for you.
Sure any impulse buys you make today might provide temporary relief for your symptoms, but they definitely won't fix the underlying cause.
Seek to assert your devotion when a worthy situation arises.
Keep looking for the lessons even when you don't think you need them.
Remember the birthday but never the age.
You want more good energy around you, and it's up to you to get it.
And if you have the time to do it, you definitely should the universe is sending you all the energy you need to repaint the kitchen, fix a broken chair, clean out a closet and execute other types of domestic re-engineering.
Unlearn everything that you aren't. Relearn everything that you are.
Things don't always go the way you planned. fortunately.
You look pretty.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won’t budge.
You can keep a secret.
If at first you do not succeed... try something harder.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Stay focused.
You will witness a special ceremony.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
First impressions are overrated. it's not that they can't be accurate. it's that they're often based on THINGS THAT DON'T MATTER.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
A short pencil is usually better than a long memory any day.
Follow what calls you.
Be really great at taking criticism.
More money only solves the less money problem. nothing else.
This person can take honesty and they want you to be honest with them.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
A banker is someone who lends you an umbrella when the sun is shining.
Don't write off good advice from people who have had bad experiences.
When you love yourself, people who don't love you back become less interesting.
You can't force a thing to work when it's not supposed to.
Being a strong woman used to mean you could put up with a lot without breaking. Now it means you can put up with a lot, but aren't willing to.
Find out if they are ready to talk.
Engage in group activities that further transformation.
Pretend it's your first time.
You will be sharing great news with all the people you love.
What you are seeking is also seeking you.
Plus, if you encourage your newly found inner strength to grow, you will be able to use it in different contexts in your life.
Get ready to begin a very empowered phase of living.
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
You simply haven't lived until you've learned to let go
You have exceeded what was expected.
Let other people live under a cloud while you choose to stay hopeful and focused on going where it is that you want to go.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Speak good things about yourself into existence.
Don't go there.
Your ability is appreciated.
You're allowed to feel however you want.
Your mind is creative, original and alert.
Let 'yes' be the answer already.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Love yourself hard.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Love everything. everything will love you back.
Invest less in proving why things won't work.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.
Don't be afraid of fear.
Financial prosperity is coming your way.
You don't have to be rude about what you say to them, you just have to make it clear to them that you won't tolerate it any longer.
Never be less than your dreams.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
It could be better, but its[sic] good enough.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
Figure out where you're going. then go there.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
You love chinese food.
Accept all experiences as potentially good.
Don't let anyone ever tell you you can't daydream on a Monday.
Your goal will be reached very soon.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Put this to memory once and for all: what others think about you doesn't define you. vice versa.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
A huge fortune at home is not as good as money in use.
It's time for a good old fashioned adventure.
I love you.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Competence like yours is underrated.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
There is no excuse for not mixing things up today.
Everything must have a beginning.
The more they talk about how much they know, the more obvious it will become that they don't really know what they are talking about.
Savor your freedom – it is precious.
Go for the gold today you’ll be the champion of whatever.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Work pressures are easing, so expect a lot of free weekday nights.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Don't make up your mind until you're good and ready. feel free to change it after that.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
Focus on the magic of things; yourself.
People are drawn to you and look to you for advice.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and soul devout.
What’s yours in mine, and what’s mine is mine.
Struggle as and hard as you can for whatever you believe in.
You will know it when you see it. it will know you when it sees you.
People learn little from success, but much from failure.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain. D. Parton
Are you fully aware of the responsibilities that you've taken on?
It's impossible to take your finances too seriously right now.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Staying close to home is going to be best for your morale today
More than ever before, you are feeling confident and your communication skills are exceptional.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
Your smile always brightens the cloudiest days.
He who hurries cannot walk with dignity.
Just put your blinders on it's okay to do that once in a while.
Turn off the outside world, and find comfort inside your mind.
Go for the romance today, even if you feel like you might be acting silly.
It's not your job to fix people.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
Want to learn how to love, start with the one you hate.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired. 
Where you live says a lot about who you are.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Action is worry's worst enemy.
Look forward to great fortune and a new lease on life.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
If you're feeling the urge to be a homebody, be a homebody.
Others might react emotionally to your choice, but that shouldn't sway your decision.
If you keep your emotions inside or mask them, you'll be wasting your time.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
You are talented in many ways.
Slay hard. Stay soft.
People forget how fast you did a job - but they remember how well you did it.
In other words, for a healthier life, you need to share your feelings no matter what they are.
First think of what you want to do; then do what you have to do.
Fear will always be a thing. But don't let it get in your way.
Be careful about jumping on these feelings too soon, however make sure that they are available and interested in exploring new options.
They require your attention from time to time.
The time is right to make new friends.
Good instincts are worthless if you don't follow them.
They just want to bring you down to their level.
Don't take these relationships for granted.
The best prediction of future is the past.
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime say yes.
It's better to wait for the right answer than rush into the wrong one.
Roadblocks emerge to either stop you or reroute you. it's up to you whether to break through them OR YIELD THEIR QUIET INSTRUCTION.
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Mistakes happen, and unfortunately sometimes mistakes happen at very inopportune times.
You should pay for this check. Be generous.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
You love challenge.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
There are a few unpaid bills that you haven't factored into your budget, and today is a good day to make sure you know exactly how much is coming in and how much is going out.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Make the invisible visible.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
Today, try to spice up your life by trying something new and different whether it's a new household renovation project, a new bestselling novel, a new type of cuisine, or just a new route to and from work.
Cookies go stake. Fortunes are forever.
Don't confuse the learning tool with the lesson.
When was the last time you felt truly challenged.
Embrace unfamiliar things.
Good things are being said about you.
We will not know the worth of water 'till the well is dry.
Don't fall into a role created by someone else. you're a natural at the one you've got.
You can't have everything where would you put it all.
Nature is self-correcting. Let it do its thing.
A sound mind and healthy body bring many happy events to your family.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Sweat the small stuff. the small stuff is the big stuff.
You will make change for the better.
You are in good hands this evening.
Education is the ability to meet life’s situations.
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Everything and everyone is your teacher.
Trust the wait. Enjoy not knowing.
You're not courageous because you lack fear. you're courageous because you feel fear and keep going anyway.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
Right now your reputation is shining brighter than ever, but that only means that it's more important than ever to maintain its spotless sheen.
As your ego grows sturdier, your ability to be open-minded grows stronger as well.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
Embrace this love relationship you have.
But you can't carry on too long without knowing where to go next you need to do whatever it takes to make your choice, today.
If you are the one who is getting the silent treatment from someone else, reach out and check in with them.
Take the high road.
To understand is hard. Once one understands, action is easy.
Give yourself a lot of compassion today you might not need it, but you have to remind yourself that if the chips are ever down, you can always rely on yourself.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
Win like a rookie. lose like a pro.
Courage is not the absence of fear; it is the conquest of it.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
Just show up.
A new perspective will come with the new year. 
They need you to be there, and you can easily convince them of that fact.
Success is failure turned inside out.
A hot new adventure is beginning today, but you might not be at the top of the guest list.
Now is the time to try something new.
Unbecome everything that isn't you.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Your power is in your ability to decide.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Love bad things from a good distance.
Your success will astonish everyone. 
There are no stupid questions, just stupid answer.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
People cannot read your mind.
Expect much of yourself and little of others.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Act with purpose.
Do you know that the busiest person has the largest amount of time.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
Be less moved by the opinion of others.
Talk to the people in power, and let them know that you're ready to work for what you want.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Even the toughest of days have bright spots, just do your best.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
What's the point of looking cool all the time if no one knows who you really are.
You will soon meet the person you admire.
More good people is all you need, right now.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Failure is the path of lease persistence.
You have a right to be a more active part of this relationship.
You will be successful in your work.
You will travel to many places.
Good food brings good health and longevity.
Don’t forget, you are always on our minds.
Welcome change.
You always do things the right way.
Identify with everything. align with nothing.
Listen to the wisdom of the old.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
You are a person of another time.
It is not the outside riches bit the inside ones that produce happiness.
Listen for the whispers. Look for the signs.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
This person's love is just and true. You may rely on it.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn’t have.
Distance yourself from the vain.
This is a wonderful time to start a new relationship, whether it's romantic or business.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
A heated debate between you and someone else today could create more than just an intellectual connection it might just trigger some romantic feelings as well.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead.
You have many different visions of what you want the next year of your life to be, and you won't get anywhere with any of them unless you pick one idea and stick with it.
Being indecisive is understandable, for a while.
All the willpower you've been relying on lately is still going strong, so have no worries that you will succumb to any irresistible forces today.
A good time to finish up old tasks. 
To be found: stop hiding.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
You'll get much more value of out it.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
Love truth, but pardon error. 
Your spirit of adventure leads you down an exiting new path.
There is no point in getting angry about it it wasn't done on purpose.
Time and patience are called for many surprises await you.
Your winsome smile will be your sure protection.
If it's supposed to, it will.
True intelligence is all about knowing that you don't know everything be humble, and keep learning.
New and rewarding opportunities will soon develop for you.
With integrity and consistency -- your credits are piling up.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Wealth is a means to an end not the end itself.
No sudden moves.
You are finally ready to have that difficult discussion you've been putting off for a while.
An acquaintance of the past will affect you in the near future.
It is by those who have suffered that the world is most advanced.
You can't do everything by yourself. Start asking for help.
Flow with things rather than insist they flow with you.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
Singing, dancing, cooking or even just goofing around are all great ways to display how you're feeling.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Everyone you'll ever meet is smarter about something than you are.
Nothing means anything until you make something of nothing.
A healthy body will benefit you forever.
Learn to delay gratification.
You will be invited to an exciting event.
You are almost there.
You are the master of every situation.
Be better at being wrong.
The two are definitely nowhere near equal.
Feel free to consider yourself first today.
It's not about being selfish, it's about putting things in the proper priority.
You will find a whole new way of thinking.
You do not have to adopt any big changes just expose yourself to things that are strange, foreign and invigorating.
A good time to start something new.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Adjust your eyes. See the same things differently. 
Because your comfort zone isn't even comfortable.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
You or a close friend will be married soon.
Just because you love something doesn't make it right for you.
We can admire all we see, but we can only pick one.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
Be more process oriented. you're too focused on the goal.
If you’re feeling down, try throwing yourself into your work.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
When doing something doesn't work, do nothing instead.
Let the difference between where you are and where you want to be inspire you.
Your principles mean more to you than any money or success.
All generalities are false.
You could be mistaking their respect for your intellect with an attraction, so be very careful about how far you take your assumptions.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Don’t just think, act.
Haste does not bring success.
When in anger, sing the alphabet.
It's going to take you a little bit more time to get back into the swing of things, so be patient with yourself.
You will become more and more wealthy.
Today you would be wise to try to get some alone time do not let social expectations drive you out into the world if you're not feeling it.
With age comes wisdom.
The quiet speaks volumes.
And if other people are holding you responsible for their unhappiness, they are not being fair.
Base your choices on simple pros and cons, deadlines and dates.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
It's your duty to dream.
Do your thing. let other people do theirs.
You are a talented storyteller. 
Don't build your happiness on other's sorrow.
Step out of your comfort zone today and put yourself into some uncomfortable situations.
Change comes from embracing the future, not fighting your past.
By rising above the petty fight they seem to be itching for, you will show them your maturity.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
In the end all things will be known.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
The more you trust yourself the more you'll be able to trust others.
Focus on the positive and amp up your enthusiasm before telling them the downside of their behavior.
You have a potential urge and the ability for accomplishment.
Where there's a will, there's a bae.
Flip a coin if you have to, just get going.
Make self-care a non-negotiable.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
You will be unusually successful in business.
Getting stuck in a routine is no fun especially now, when there are so many wonderful things in your life to explore.
You'll just have to fix it and move on.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
So step right up to the annoying person who's been pushing your buttons for far too long.
Getting more information will only confuse and overwhelm you, so focus on what matters.
Use your power for good.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
You don't need to figure it out right now.
You will find all the encouragement and love you need.
Yesterday was a dare to struggle. Today is a dare to win.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
It takes courage to admit fault.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
Your moods signal a period of change.
The only way to get there is to decide to.
Learn to distinguish between what is familiar and what is love.
Engage with unfamiliar philosophies.
Your luck has been completely changed today.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year.
You can’t steal second base and keep your foot on first.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you.
You'll see it when you believe it.
Even the longest of days will come to an end.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Going on and on about your accomplishments doesn't make a good impression on people, but you can't avoid being proud of yourself just because you think you're going to bug a few people.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
Today, instead of getting all embarrassed when someone points out what a great thing you did, you'll get a great sense of pride.
This is as it should be and it's a sure sign that you are growing in the right direction.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
Don't take credit for your talents. Take credit for how you choose to use them.
Enjoy the chase.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.
It’s time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Practice not-so-random acts of discipline.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
A person is not wise simply because one talks a lot.
Say "I love you" and mean it. You can't do that enough.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
You can't make your point unless you clearly communicate what you are feeling and what you need.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
The sooner you get an accurate picture, the better.
Everyone needs to be loved, especially those do not deserve it.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
Things don’t just happen; they happen just.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing perfectly.
Your ideas around school or work are getting a lot more attention lately.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
When the moment comes, take the one from the right.
It's no secret that having a positive attitude will attract more positive people to you.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Wish you happiness.
Courage is rightly considered the foremost of the virtues, for upon it, all others depend.
Commitment is the stuff character is made of; the power to change the face of things.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
And in order to do so, you have to speak up more.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Service to many leads to greatness.
You will enjoy good health.
Do onto others as you wish others do onto you.
Let people discover you over time.
My superpower is waking up early and working really hard.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
You shouldn't have to be small for someone else to be BIG.
Today you will have the clarity you need to start seeing some patterns and rather than depress you, this discovery will inspire you to instigate the changes you need to make in your life.
How you look depends on where you go.
You can't go far in a rowboat without oars.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
The act of giving is more important than receiving.
There’s no such thing as an ordinary cat.
You can't tell what someone's feeling on the inside by what they're showing on the outside.
Learn to be right in a way that doesn't rely on someone else to be wrong.
Let there be no confusion: things are unfolding exactly as they should.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air. 
New ideas could be profitable.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
Be smart, but never show it.
If you have a job without aggravations, you don't have a job.
Brand new ancient proverb: be warm inside even when the temperature outside is cold.
Your heavy desire, only allow you to see what you are looking for.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.
Courtesy is contagious.
Trust him, but sill keep your eyes open.
Progress, not perfection.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If the thing you're focusing on makes you unhappy, focus on something else.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
You can see a lot just by looking.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
Your reputation is your wealth.
Redefine everything.
Don’t worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Master living in a perpetual state of not knowing. you are here.
Then decide.
Have a beautiful day.
Sharing how you feel will make them feel good and more important it will make you feel good.
Change the way you look at things. They'll return the favor.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
You have a pair of shining eyes.
If you are not understanding why things are happening the way they are happening, then it's time for you to spend some time sorting through recent events.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Long life is in store for you.
One of the first things you should look for in a problem is its positive side.
Learn as much from joy as you do from pain.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
Protect your heart by acknowledging what it's feeling.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you. 
But their tactics are only going to backfire on them, so you don't have to worry about reprimanding them.
You can't fail if you're willing to.
Change your mind.
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
Don't do other people's parts. just do your own.
Tempo is key today do your best to stay in rhythm with the people around you, which will be no easy task.
You enjoy giving gifts of yourself to others, you will be rewarded.
You have had a good start, work harder.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
Do it anyway.
Success is an accumulation of successful days.
Take no for an answer.
The charm that your vice holds for you is fading you just need to keep abstaining, and soon you will lose your taste for it altogether.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Service is the rent you pay for having room on the Earth.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
Do. Chill. Do again.
Those who care will make the effort.
Make everyday your best. You will improve yourself greatly.
If you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
You are working hard.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Give to give. Not to get.
When you make a decision, you commit to its journey.
Of course, you need to be prepared to go there by yourself.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
There is beauty in simplicity.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world.
Get your mind set…confidence will lead you on.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
It's not news that money gives you power but it also gives you responsibility.
Don't put off till tomorrow what can be enjoyed today.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
Decide for yourself who you are. No one else gets to make that decision for you.
Tune into the love frequency. Tune out everything else.
Most people, once they graduate from the school of Hard Knocks, automatically enroll.
Make the big decisions and the little decisions will make themselves.
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
No matter what you do today, absolutely kill it.
Never let them see you coming.
The thing is not the thing. it's the thing you think about the thing.
Change the way you look at things. they'll return the favor.
They'll be deliberately saying and doing things in order to get your attention could it be that they have a little crush on you.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
Explore new cultures, music or religions.
When more become too much. It’s same as being not enough.
You are more likely to give than give in.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Imagination rules the world.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time
You only treasure what you lost.
This minor inconvenience doesn't have to stop you, though just use some of your creativity to figure a way to elbow your way in on the fun.
Luckily, your mind is a creative fountain, bubbling up with unique ways to get yourself an engraved invitation to the inner circle of the movers and shakers.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Follow your hunches. explore your doubts.
Make people see you.
Diligence and modesty can raise your social status.
Do first. Talk second.
You will learn something new every day.
Marvel at what happens when you stop interfering.
Be real with yourself or you can't be real with anyone else.
I think and that is all that I am.
Be humble and proud of yourself at the same time.
The only person who has to believe in you is you.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems. 
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Don't be loyal to what's not loyal to you.
Some people never have anything except ideas, Go do it.
Let disruption and discomfort be your guides.
The silent person isn't thinking what you think he is. you are.
So just let them hog the spotlight for as long as they want, and they will quickly prove to everyone just how smart they aren't.
A person is never to old to learn. 
When someone holds your eye contact a little too long, smiles at you a little too broadly, or asks some personal questions about your availability, they want to get to know you better.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
Be unwilling to lie to yourself.
Stand tall. Don’t look down upon yourself. 
Whatever you can do, you must do.
They aren't expecting you to be the life of the party that is, not until you're ready to be.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
You will be pleasantly surprised tonight.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Mad is easier than sad, but it's far less effective.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
Make sure to do what you love. not just what you're good at.
Practice makes perfect.
Winning isn't everything but the will to win is.
Master your worries.
Get your hopes up.
You're intoxicating when you do what you love.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Everywhere you choose to go friendly faces will greet you.
Consistency is the key to mastery.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
Suppressing a moment of anger may save a day of sorrow.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Go with what feels right even if it ends up being wrong.
It may feel like you're missing out on the joke, but don't let it unnerve you or weaken your self-confidence.
When everyone's laughing today, you won't find things so funny.
You will have a long and wealthy life.
Nobody ever got anywhere by standing still.
Ability is not something to be shown off.
Recognize yourself in others.
I am resilient.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Switch your frequency.
The experience will stay with you for days.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
Wise man seldom talks.
Do the thing.
People have different opinions than you. let them.
Strong reasons make strong actions.
You're better than they are in so many ways, and they are well aware of this which is why they are making such aggressive moves.
Don't make it look easy. The fact is it's really hard and you're doing it anyway.
Don’t let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
If you're riding ahead of the heard, look back once in a while to make sure it's still there.
Be kind to other human beings.
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
Go all in. Forego the backup plan.
You know what to do.
It will help you learn to be even more flexible than you already are.
Man’s mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains it’s original dimensions.
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
Stop trying to skip the struggle. You don't get to start at the part where you're winning.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
It's high time for one of your most promising ideas.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider. 
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Your hard work will payoff today.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
You always bring others happiness.
Be passionate and totally worth the chaos.
Heighten your vibes. Lighten your strides.
Approach things compassionately and with all your defenses down.
Someone is stepping into your territory today, but as threatened as you might feel by them, this is no day to engage in any kind of power struggle with them.
Sift through your past to get a better idea of the present.
Perhaps you’ve been focusing too much on saving.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
The greatest achievement in life is to stand up again after falling.
You should def go for it.
Character development is the true aim of education.
Turn your life upside down. On purpose.
Save your money for another day and instead, take a walk, visit with a friend, or do something else that is free of charge.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Don't be scared of stuff.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
The truth is not confusing.
Mental activity keeps you busy at this time.
Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossible.
Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.
You are on your way.
You have yearning for perfection.
Your mentality is alert, practical, and analytical.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
People are attracted by your Delicate[sic] features.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Learning is a treasure which accompanies us everywhere.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Beware the grand gesture.
Embrace a new narrative.
You must be willing to act today in order to succeed.
Stand tall.
Don't look down upon yourself.
Your cheerful outlook is one of your assets.
Good sense is the master of human life.
Get lost in the right direction.
Don't make a wish. Make a decision.
Pay attention to the patterns.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
You will enjoy a trip to Asia.
You will be blessed with longevity.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Others can help you now.
A small donation is call for. It’s the right thing to do.
It takes guts to get out of the ruts.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
TEAMS - Together Everyone Achieves More Success.
Good news: The light at the end of the tunnel isn't a train.
If you want to move beyond your current phase of life, you are going to have to get a better plan together.
If they are not, you can look forward to more conversations.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
Every burden is a blessing.
Wherever you go, whenever you can, try to leave a gift.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Maturity: Do your duty without being supervised.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Swimming is easy. Stay floating is hard.
Technology is the art of arranging the world so we do not notice it.
Courtesy begins in the home.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest.
You are interested in higher education, whether material or spiritual.
You are going to take a vacation.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Now is the time to try something new
Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens.
Home is where your heart is.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
The friendly competition between you and another intellectual is getting friendlier and friendlier could there be a mutual attraction brewing here.
Take time today to investigate possibility.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You will be spending time outdoors, in the mountains, near water.
If one of your friends reached a big goal, you'd want them to feel good about themselves.
There are no rules.
More than ever today, it is important for you to remember that you are not in charge of anyone else's happiness you are only in charge of your own.
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
If you want to grow, you have to be willing to learn. 
Happy news is on its way to you.
Make sure to add your personal flair so that visitors see the real you when they walk in the door.
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived ones prosper.
Your good listening skills will open many doors.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
Age can never hope to with you while your heart is young.
Today, a voice of authority will prove that it doesn't quite know everything and you'll be extremely inconvenienced by it.
Three can keep a secret if you get rid of two.
Like the river flow into the sea. Something are just meant to be.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
You are your own best support staff.
You cannot listen to negative people who are telling you how badly things could go.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
Their weird behavior is nothing you can't roll with, so their little plan is going to backfire on them.
They've underestimated how smart you are but they are still intrigued.
Good news will come to you from far away.
You will travel far and wide,both pleasure and business.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
This was wise and accomplished a lot of good things for you not to mention all the karma points you racked up.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You have far too much to lose by putting only half your energy into whatever you're doing, so resist the urge to put things on auto-pilot at any point today.
The middle of the process is no place to determine the end of it.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
People around you will not be as organized as you, so you should step up and take charge.
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Plan your work and work your plan.
You will probably get a strong urge to exercise your creativity on your living quarters today.
If you see a chance, take it today that applies to any type of opportunity, but especially to the romantic kind.
Keep in mind your most cherished dreams of the future.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
Someone who is where you want to be in life is giving you a vision of the future you want to have some day but what you might not realize is that that day is closer than you think.
Don’t let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Today's profits are yesterday's good well ripened.
Go out and kick some serious ass.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Go outside and play.
Prosperity is in your fortune.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
There is in the worst of fortunes the best change of a happy ending.
Each of the people you encounter today is marching to the beat of their own drummer, and you'll have to be ready to go faster or slower, depending.
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.
Be slow to respond, not quick to react. 
Somewhere beneath all those distracting details is the best version of you.
Emulate what you admire in your parents. 
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
You are better than your knee-jerk reactions.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Don’t be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Someone at work or school is trying to get a rise out of you by acting in an unusual or controversial way.
LSDBS - Let Something Good Be Said.
The people who are important to you probably do not realize how important they are to you, so it's up to you to make them understand.
To be eighty years young is more cheerful and hopeful than forty years old.
You did what you did, and it was a big deal so you have a right to crow about it a little bit. 
Share your accomplishments with the people who care about you, and they'll be delighted and happy to congratulate you.
Two people shorten a road.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
You have the time, you have the energy, and you definitely will have the desire you need.
Get distance from the bad influences in your life today, and you will soon be able to break those patterns.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
You have a heart of gold.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness. 
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues. 
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
Be satisfied with what you already own.
Stop saying yes to things you don't want to do. 
Your home is the center of great love.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
The important thing is to express yourself.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
The greatest quality is seeking to serve others.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
Will you let compassion to manage your wishes.
Learn to say "i don't know" and inherit the world's knowledge.
You will always be successful in you professional career.
Consider that the opposite of your theory is true.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You just have to be sure that you give them that honesty with a sugar coating.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
The skills you have gathered will one day come in handy.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
So today, whenever you feel something, express it in the most original and creative way you can.
“Welcome” is a powerful word.
Love lights up the world.
Do what people say you can't, just because you can.
The first thing you should know about me is that I'm not you. A lot more will make sense after that.
If you bite the hand that feeds you, it wont taste as good as the food you were fed.
A new venture will be a success.
Believe it can be done.
Enjoy them.
You are solid and dependable.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
Win your mind. Win your life.
Don't just plant a seed and let it grow: take pleasure in its growth.
Show them more respect than they have shown you.
Opposites attract, and getting a glimpse into how someone else's mind works can be a very attractive and alluring thing.
Instead, be extra good to them.
So get in touch and clear the air.
Treat yourself as well as you treat others
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
The bottom line is that your life is yours to do with whatever you want, good or bad.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society. 
You discover treasures where others see nothing unusual.
Many receive advice only the wise profit by it.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Edit your life.
It's good to be prepared, but stay open to surprises.
Fear and desire – two sides of the same coin.
Start to look for you faults if you never made mistakes.
One can never fill another’s shoes, rather he must outgrow the old shoes.
You will make many changes before settling satisfactorily.
Note from the future: I'm not intimidated by your past.
Do the thing that scares you most.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
Humor is the affirmation of dignity.
Dare big Fear small.
Do what you love. The rest will fall into place.
You could be asked to explain yourself a bit more this is your chance to sell a strategy that could put you on the map.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Observe all men, but most of all yourself.
Everyone else must find their own way to fulfillment and joy, so do not fall for any guilt that might get tossed your way.
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all undimmed.
Don't worry what they're doing, baby. let them worry about you.
Determination is what you need now.
Men do not fail... they give up trying.
Your instincts know things before you do. Trust them.
Walk with a good heart and you will run with success.
Resist the urge to resist temptation.
Your next interview will result in a job.
Hurry up and fail so you can win.
Look for proof that you're amazing.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
Not getting what you want usually gives you information that you need.
To encourage more growth in one of your friendships, you should be more generous with your constructive criticism.
This bad luck will be blissfully brief, however.
A family reunion in the coming months will be a tremendous success.
Do a good deed anonymously. You will make a difference in your life.
For too long, you have been putting the needs, wants and wishes of other people way ahead of your own priorities.
A lifetime of happiness lies ahead of you.
Peace begins with a smile.
You never know who you touch.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart.
Guilt serves no purpose.
Be brave enough to live creatively.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
The weather is wonderful. 
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
To get respect from others, one must first give respect to others.
Tap into your magic.
Don't expect what you see in your mind to look the same in the mind of others.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed. 
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Enter unknown territory.
Evolve as a human.
The glass is not half-empty, it's just twice too big.
Be a product of your decisions, not your circumstances.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
Get your mind set – confidence will lead you on.
Decisions don't determine right and wrong. They determine outcomes.
What's good for you brings out the best in you what's bad for you doesn't.
You have a yearning for perfection. 
Design the version of yourself you want to be.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit.
You will find great forces in unexpected places.
Fearless courage is the foundation of victory.
Let go and let the universe do its thing.
This challenge will be good for you, though it will teach you how to treat people as individuals and anticipate their needs.
Enlist help from your most organized friends and learn from the masters.
You are the master of every situation. 
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
Failure is the virtual way to prepare you for great responsibilities.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Caring what other people think about you isn't a weakness. It's accepting it as fact that gets you in trouble.
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
You will stumble into the path that will lead your life to happiness.
You're focusing on the tributary when you need to focus on the lake.
